BUGS
- Small Balance Chart - bug when restore from minimized and startegy was changed. The problem is that InitChart() uses Data.*. InitChart() have to be separated from SetResize().
- Generator: CheckAvailableIndicators() - max number of slots

CURRENT TASK

Analyzer:

Cumulative strategy report:
- Make Cumulative strategy analysis.

DEBUG
- Generator: banned indicators, linked slots, locked slots, top 10.


TODO

Legend: 
v Done
- To Do
~ Maybe
? Probably not now

General:
v Fix zeroes in journal field Amount
? Repair back test of Trailing Stop - tick mode instead of bar mode;
? Add Break Even stop;
~ Import MT5 data files;
? Multi-core processors to be supported. 
- Show Floating P/L in journal during transfer when there are more transactions in the bar.
v Show Required Margin in Journal by Positions.
- Explorer - show position lots between the points.
~ Money Management - add / subtract after a certain number of pips profit or loss;
~ More MA smoothing methods.
v Fix calculation of Required Margin and Account Percent Entry.
- Fix loading data without a decimal separator in the data file.
- User format of data file that can overwrite the default one.
- Check reported issues with data files.

Permanent Protection Type:
v Absolute and Relative Permanent SL / TP
v Add protection type description in BBcode, Overview, Strategy Properties slot...
v Add protection type in Backtester
- Add protection type to Generator

Scanner:
v Add Cancel button to compact mode
v Disable Symbol and Period combo boxes during data loading at startup.
v Remove Tick info when there aren't tick data files;
v Add "Loading:" label when loading data files;

Generator:
~ Add buttons: Overview, Save As; Dismiss Strategy;
~ Add views: Market statistics, Account Statistics;
x At starting generation reset the strategy layout and balance chart to default. Consider the locked slots;
v Save and show Top 10 strategies. Update the list regularly. Show: Micro Balance chart, Balance, Drawdown, Win/loss.
- Scroll bar for the settings panels;
v Linked slots - keep the indicator but change its parameters.
v Repair strategy description option;
v Repair strategy Overview option;
v Fix Unlock all icon.
x Option in Settings - automatically save top 10 strategy (Top_01_EURUSD_1Day.xml)
v Option in Settings - Reset settings.
v Option - Only use default indicator values.
v Banning of indicators (through a setting file or menu).
v Make a list of indicators allowed for generating. The generator to search on this list when generating ind. name. Proper error message when the choice is not available. 
v Disable indicator check boxes when generating.
v Deal with Permanent SL / TP type when adding or reducing is on. Keep protection type when changing TP or SL is forbidden. 
v Make it possible to show / hide FSB when the generator is working.

Optimizer:
v Add buttons: Select, Unselect, Set steps...
? optimization of Permanent TP / SL.
x re-sizable form;
v Option in Settings - Reset settings.

jForex Import:
- Import correct files even when there are wrong ones.

Indicators:
~ Trailing Stop, Stop Loss, Take Profit... to start from previous top/bottom, ATR...

Languages:
v Fix Russian translation


